Links (#228)
splendo/kaluga: links/README.md

# Links

This module is used in order to decode an object from either an App Link, Universal Link or Deep Link's query. It also uses [kaluga-architecture](https://github.com/splendo/kaluga/tree/master/architecture) to open links in the Browser.

## Deserializer

> `LinksDecoder` is used to convert query values into an object and it takes a list of values and a serializer. **Is important that the list of values passed to `LinksDecoder` are ordered in the order they are declared in the data class**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LinksDecoder` is used to convert query values into an object and it takes a list of values and a serializer. **It is important that the values passed to `LinksDecoder` are ordered in the same way they are declared in the data class**.
```

Author: 4f461f2

When `decodeFromList` is called, a `LinksDecoder` is created and it goes through the passed `List<Any>` one per one referring to the passed `serializer` in order to know the parameter's type.

## Usage

`Links` is made by 3 events

- `Incoming`: fired when `handleIncomingLink` method is called. When the app intercept an [App Link](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links)/[Universal Link](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/)/[Deep Link](https://firebase.google.com/products/dynamic-links#:~:text=Dynamic%20Links%20are%20smart%20URLs,free%20forever%2C%20for%20any%20scale.) call `handleIncomingLink` passing the arrived url and the `Class.serializer()`. If the url's query is invalid, the `Failure` event will be fired with an error message, otherwise the flow will collect a `Links.Incoming.Result` that contains the data deserialized into an object. Collect this flow from `linksEventFlow`.
- `Outgoing`: fired when `validateLink` is called. The method `validateLink` takes a parameter `url` and validate using native libraries. If the passed `url` is invalid then `Links.Failure` will be fired. Collect the result from `validateEventFlow`.

> - `Failure`: fired when `url` passed in `validateLink` or `handleIncomingLink` is invalid.

Reviewer: This part is outdated.

Author: 4f461f2

    fun bar() {
        scope.launch {
            linksStateRepo.linksEventFlow.collect { it: LinksState ->
                when(it) {
                    is Links.Failure -> {
                        println("Links Error 🔗❌: ${it.error}")
                    }
                    is Links.Incoming.Result<*> -> {
                        println("Links Ready 🔗✅: ${it.data}")
                    }
                } 
            }
            
            linksStateRepo.validateEventFlow.collect {
                is Links.Failure -> {
                    println("Links Error 🔗❌: ${it.error}")
                }
                is Links.Outgoing.Link -> {
                    println("Links Open 🔗📖️: $it")
                    navigator.navigate(
                        BrowserNavigationActions.OpenWebView(
                            BrowserSpec().toBundle { row ->
                                when (row) {
                                    is BrowserSpecRow.UrlSpecRow -> row.convertValue(it.url)
                                }
                            }
                        )
                   )
                }

>             }

Reviewer: There are no such flows anymore.

Author: 4f461f2

# Links

This module is used in order to decode an object from either an App Link, Universal Link or Deep Link's query. It also uses [kaluga-architecture](https://github.com/splendo/kaluga/tree/master/architecture) to open links in the Browser.

## Usage

`Links` is made by 3 events

- `Incoming`: fired when `handleIncomingLink` method is called. When the app intercept an [App Link](https://developer.android.com/training/app-links)/[Universal Link](https://developer.apple.com/ios/universal-links/)/[Deep Link](https://firebase.google.com/products/dynamic-links#:~:text=Dynamic%20Links%20are%20smart%20URLs,free%20forever%2C%20for%20any%20scale.) call `handleIncomingLink` passing the query arrived with the link and the `Class.serializer()`. If the query is invalid, the `Failure` event will be fired with an error message. If the query is valid the flow will collect a `Links.Incoming.Result` that contains the data deserialized into an object.
- `Outgoing`: fired when `validateLink` is called. The method `validateLink` takes a parameter `url` and validate using native libraries. If the passed `url` is invalid then `Links.Failure` will be fired.

> - `Failure`: fired when `query` and `url` passed in `handleIncomingLink` or `validateLink`  are invalid.

Author: 21936be e317456

> ```

Author: e4a6e37
